content/post/other/hostkey-gpu-grant-program.md, before:

---
title: "Boost your Data Science Research with a Free GPU Server"
lead: "GPUs are an important asset for machine learning projects. If you are a researcher that is in dire need of GPUs, then look no further than HOSTKEY's GPU grant program."
author: Matthias Döring
date: '2020-08-11'
downloadRmd: false
description: "GPUs are essential for heavy machine learning workloads. Learn how you can apply for free GPU resources here!"
thumbnail: "/post/other/free_gpus_avatar.png"
categories:
  - other
---
Are you a researcher in data science? Are you in desparate need for GPU ressources for your next project?
Then you should know that a GPU server may be just around the corner.

HOSTKEY is currently hosting a competition where you can win a grant for free GPU ressources. The competition is open to
all researchers in the data science sphere. If you want to apply, you have to send the following information:

* A project proposal consisting of 1-2 pages
* Your desired GPU server configuration
* Your CV
* A list of publications relating to the project, if available
* Letters of recommendation

Interested? Then visit [HOSTKEY's GPU grant program](http://landing.hostkey.com/grant_for_scientific_projects) to apply!

Commit message:

add discount code for hostkey gpu servers

content/post/other/hostkey-gpu-grant-program.md, after:

---
title: "Boost your Data Science Research with a Free GPU Server"
lead: "GPUs are an important asset for machine learning projects. If you are a researcher that is in dire need of GPUs, then look no further than HOSTKEY's GPU grant program."
author: Matthias Döring
date: '2020-08-11'
downloadRmd: false
description: "GPUs are essential for heavy machine learning workloads. Learn how you can apply for free GPU resources here!"
thumbnail: "/post/other/free_gpus_avatar.png"
lastmod: '2020-09-04'
categories:
  - other
---
Are you a researcher in data science? Are you in desparate need for GPU ressources for your next project?
Then you should know that a GPU server may be just around the corner.

HOSTKEY is currently hosting a competition where you can win a grant for free GPU ressources. The competition is open to
all researchers in the data science sphere.

## Application Criteria for the Grant Program

If you want to apply, you have to send the following information:

* A project proposal consisting of 1-2 pages
* Your desired GPU server configuration
* Your CV
* A list of publications relating to the project, if available
* Letters of recommendation

Interested? Then visit [HOSTKEY's GPU grant program](http://landing.hostkey.com/grant_for_scientific_projects) to apply!

## Discount on GPU Servers

If you are not eligible for the grant program, you can still get access to highly performant GPU servers.
We have recently entered into a [partnership with HOSTKEY](https://www.hostkey.com/about/news/134) whose first
benefit for you is the following 7% discount code on all of their [GPU servers](https://www.hostkey.com/gpu-servers):

<h3 style="text-align: center;">
B9I2WRVC09
</h3>

The code is valid until 2020-12-31.
